feat: add root option to afterReset hooks of type command (#137)
graphile/migrate: README.md

certainly mean to use `GM_DBURL` in your scripts since they will want to change
whichever database was just reset/migrated/etc (which could be the shadow DB).

> The `root` property applies to `command` actions with the same affects as `sql`
> actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `root` property applies to `command` actions with the same effects as `sql`
actions (see above).
```
